# Migrate to v0.13

## Breaking changes

- Instances are now created with the async factory function [`FFmpeg.create()`](../api.md#ffmpegcreateoptions), it incorporates the previous `CreateFFmpeg()` and `ffmpeg.load()`.
- By default, files are no longer converted to blob URL imports to circumvent CORS for the following reasons:

  1.  many public CDNs have added the CORP header, most users no longer need it
  2.  this is not what this package should do, we should follow the web specification to ensure security
  3.  improve code readability, reduce code size and improve performance

  If you do need this feature, you can still use the transformed URL to create the core.

- Method `load()` has been integrated into `FFmpeg.create()`, so it is removed.
- Arguments of logger have been changed, and move non-ffmpeg output logs to the debug level.
- `FS(method, ...args)` becomes `fs.method(...args)`(export of [Emscripten FS object](https://emscripten.org/docs/api_reference/Filesystem-API.html))
- `setProgress()` has been removed because it is now possible to run multiple tasks at the same time and not be able to distinguish between the output of different processes.
- The `fetchFile()` API has been removed because I don't think it belongs in FFmpeg.wasm. Please use the native API or other libraries for each platform.

## Features

- Rewrite with TypeScript and ES6 class.
- Bundle with esbuild, theoretically there is no compatibility difference.
- Multi-threaded version supports running multiple conversions in parallel.
- New props: [`flags`](../api.md#ffmpegflags) and [`version`](../api.md#ffmpegversion).
- New method [`runSync()`](../api.md#ffmpegrunsync_args) is used to force running in synchronous blocking mode.
- [`exit()`](../api.md#ffmpegexit) support more useful modes now.
